Plugin (#190)
amplication/docs: docs/getting-started/addons.md

---

> id: addons

Reviewer: ```suggestion
id: plugins
```

title: Using Plugins
sidebar_label: Using Plugins 
slug: getting-started/addons 
---

## Overview 

> Use  plugins to add new features to the Amplication developer platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use plugins to extend the functionality of your generated application.
```

Some plugins are included in Amplication by default. To add more functionality, you can develop your own plugins, or can use plugins developed by the community, as they become available. 

The published plugins are available on the _All Plugins_ screen.
The installed plugins are shown on the _Installed Plugins_ screen.

## Available Plugins

> The following plugins are included in Amplication by default. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following plugins are currently available, we are working to add more plugins 
```

> - PostgreSQL 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- PostgreSQL database
```

> - MYSQL DB

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- MySQL database
```

- Kafka
- Password JWT Authentication
- Password Basic Authentication
 

:::tip
If you or your organization require a specific function, install an existing plugin (if it exists), or develop one to perform your required tasks.
:::

> ## Installing addons

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Installing plugins
```

>  To install an addon:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 To install a plugin:
```

>  1. In the _All Plugins_ page, click **Install** for the required addon. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 1. In the _All Plugins_ page, click **Install** for the required plugin. 
```

> ![](./assets/all-addons.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![](./assets/all-plugins.png)
```
